1. Commas in Invested amount -  I am unable to do this without messing with the calculator as puttin in the commas is turning it into a string but it needs to be processed as a number. 
2. All bullet points as per PPT has to be shown in bullet form on the website too - where is this missing?
4. Did not understand what needs to be done here
    1. Change sequence
    2. Gold was a medium of exchange and backed by the entire monetary system in various
    countries (Called the Gold Standard). - till what date (make the following points in
    continuation)
5. ULIP charges: Put the table in the trivia - this will visually not fit in the mobile view. It also looks messy in the desktop to suddenly have a picture in a box otherwise full of text. Can I instead include it in the `Information to learn about ULIP investments` section? I also need a HD version of the image. Taking a snip of the PPT is not as clear '




THINGS TO DO 13th Decenber 2022
1. Subpoint of a subpoint has to be retained
2. gold last 3 points need to be made into first three points
3. change scores for parameters
4. ULIP trivia has to be presented as a table
5. Clean up everything in the code
6. in Bank fixed deposit year 1 you lose money on nifty so I have to show that in green sine profit
7. Conclusion for gold liquidity 
8. Should Real Estate Safety still say high?

































1. features section stops working properly at around 900px width 
2. If I really want to stop rerendeing on form input. then I have to use useRef or formData
3. way of making label show up only when someone starts typing 
4. decrease form fonts in sm devices so it fits on iphone se



5. make default values read-only
6. make labels also dynamic based on formuale provided 
7. making everything inside form even more dynamic and modular
8. make error messages show up below the form instead of on top as is the case right now

9. switch idx as key for pros with an actual id passed into the object array
10. The specified value cannot be parsed.. error
11. indicate that results have been calculated by auto scrolling to results section or writing scroll to view results
12. make all the animations uniform in terms of time 

HEADER
1. make mobile nav glide into screen smoothly

HERO SECTION
1. clicking on alayze investment has to take a person to analysis section directly 
(in-page navigation)


PLACEHOLDERS
1. I wanted to create it more dynamically where it would not depend on index but instead directly use the invType as a key 

1. If I click calculate and then reset the values it breaks the page 
2. Negative values should not be allowed to be entered in the farm 




